So now let's discuss a service
that will come up with the exam,
which is the systems manager service.
So this helps you manage a fleet of EC2 instances
and On-Premises servers at scale.
And this is going to be a suite of tool.
They'll see, there's so many tools on systems manager
that will give you insights about
the state of your infrastructure.
It'll allow you to easily detect problem
and also gives you some patching automation
and enhanced compliance.
This is something that comes up in the exam a lot.
Whenever you need to patch your instances,
usually is going to be done with systems manager,
or any kind of automation you'll be running
also will be using systems manager.
So it both it works for both Lou windows and Linux OS,
and it's going to be fully integrated
with CloudWatch metrics and dashboards.
Also integrated with config and it's a free service.
You're only going to pay for the resources that you use
or creates if it does anything like that.
So there's so many features in system manager
and do not be afraid by what I'm going to say,
but there are resource groups, operations managements,
Explorer, OpsCenter,
CloudWatch Dashboard, PHD,
and incident manager.
You have the shared resources menu with documents in it,
then Change Management for Change Manager,
Automation, Change Calendar,
Maintenance Windows.
There's the application management for application manager,
AppConfig and the Parameter Store.
And finally, Node Management for Fleet Manager,
Compliance, Inventory,
Hybrid Activation, Session Manager,
Run Command, State Manager,
Patch Manager, Distributor.
So you may be super afraid right now and you're saying,
"How the hell will I know all these thing?".
The good news is you don't need to know all these things.
In blue is what I will highlight in this course,
which I think are important features
of systems manager you need
to know going into the exam.
So we'll know them at a high level, okay.
Now to be an expert in all of them.
But systems manager is something
that changes a lot over time.
A lot of features have been added
and are being added to this service over time.
So if this list is not up to date, do not worry.
And also if, for example,
tomorrow fleet manager becomes a service
that you need to know going into the exam.
I'm not going to change that lecture, okay?
But I'm going to add the fleet managers to the section
and you will learn about it as well.
So now if I go into the SSM service, just secured the menu.
So we are in it and,
as you can see on the left-hand side,
we have all these options.
As you can see right here.
AWS knows how to change the structure of them,
as well over time,
so it's not a given that one will be here
and not move here at some points, okay.
But, do not worry,
I will spend some time going over the most important ones,
and they should make sense to you.
Now, how does SSM work?
So we need to install the SSM agent onto
the systems we want to control
at a high level, okay.
And this is an agent that comes bundled
with Amazon Linux 2 AMI.
This is why we love using the Amazon Linux 2 AMI,
and also some Ubuntu AMI.
If your instance cannot be controlled with SSM,
it's probably an issue with the agents
or the IAM permissions, okay.
And if your AMI does not have the assistant agent on it,
it's as simple as running a few commands
to install that agents.
So we are going to have EC2 instances
with the SSM Agent running or an On-premise's Server
or VM with a SSM Agent running.
And then automatically after the correct configuration
and making sure that these have enough IAM Permissions
to talk to the systems manager service,
then the instance will be connected,
and then systems manager can operate all these kinds
of features out that I just told you about
on the instances to perform,
for example, some compliance or patching
or some automation, okay.
So, if there's an issue with
an instance not being registered into SSM,
you either like to have to look with
the SSM agents not running or not working correctly,
or making sure that's these two instances have
the right IAM role to perform actions on SSN.
So in the next lecture,
what I'm going to do is that I'm going to go ahead
and set up three easy two instances with the SSM agents
and register them into systems manager.
So I will see you in the next lecture.